Austin!
Alpha Austin, you can now crown the loaner.
What's wrong with me?
I must be out of my mind.
She doesn't need that.
The wedding's over.
Remember what you said?
Stay in your lane, Alpha.
Get it together.
He's nothing more than an arrogant jerk.
Nice move at the wedding.
I could tell you scared the hell out of your group.
I'm Maya.
Austin's sister.
We're gonna be besties in the pack.
Come on, not that look.
Sorry, it's just... you don't seem like your brother.
Yeah.
He can be a real pain sometimes, but he's not that bad.
He just needs... time.
It's fine.
I don't really care.
I have more important things to worry about.
Can I ask you a question?
Sure.
Anything.
Have you ever heard of a couple nearby who lost a child 18 years ago?
Is this about your birth parents?
I heard the Rosemary's treated you poorly.
I can't imagine what you went through for all those years.
Don't worry.
I will speak to my contacts.
We will find your parents.
Excuse me.
After parties about to start, enjoy yourself.